Wearing the clothes I bought for you
Wearing the perfume I gave you
You’re probably smiling looking at her
Was it that good,
good enough to leave me?
How could I have done better?
I want to forget about you
but we spent too much time together
The times that have passed by
seems unfair and tears are falling
I’ll show you a completely different me
I’ll show you a prettier me
I’m not going to cry for love or
cry for you like I'm stupid
I’ll meet a better man and show you,
that I'm happier than you
I’m fine without you
I won’t give up, boy you gotta be aware
I changed my hairstyle, put make-up on
High heels and short skirt,
everyone is looking at me
If I ever see you on the street
I will smile and walk
away from you
I’ll show you a completely different me
I’ll show you a prettier me
I’m not going to cry for love or
cry for you like I'm stupid
I’ll meet a better man and show you,
that I'm happier than you
I’m fine without you,
I won’t give up,boy you gotta be aware
I’ll throw away the ring you gave me
get rid of the letters you wrote
I’ll forget you without regret
I will forget you, erase you
I’ll show you a completely different me
I’ll show you a prettier me
I’m not going to cry for love or
cry for you like I'm stupid
I’ll meet a better man and show you,
that I'm happier than you
I’m fine without you,
I won’t give up,boy you gotta be aware